I haven't thought too much about retirement. Um, one of the things I actually
really like about my job is because it's not terribly physically
demanding. It's one of those things that like, honestly, you can
just keep doing it until I think of for for those of you who are Harry
Potter fans, I think of Professor Bins, who's the ghost professor
who, like died during a lecture. And he just kept going, Um, and
that's why I sometimes think of myself as maybe a professor bins eventually,
that I'll just, you know, I'll die. But I'll just keep talking.
Um, I do sometimes think that I may want to retire possibly within,
like, maybe the next 10 to 15 years. Um, but we'll see. We'll see
if I actually do that.